{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17520\viewh11120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \
There are two projects under Homework.\
\

\b Erlproto -> Websocket Server project using Cowboy
\b0 \
\

\b erlproto websocket_handler
\b0  receives 
\b gpb
\b0  binary coded protobuf questions and answers them in 
\b gpb
\b0  binary coded format.\
Questions are factorial questions. Client asks for the factorial of a number. Server calculates and gives the answer.\
This project has Common_Test test for functional testing and Eunit tests.\
Uses GPB open source project for ProtoBuf handling.\
\

\b To start server
\b0  ->   
\b ./start_server.sh
\b0 \
\

\b To start common_tests
\b0   -> 
\b ./start_common_tests.sh
\b0 \
Common_Test modules are under root/ct directory.\
It uses wsclient.erl from Wsclient project.\
./start_common_tests.sh starts the Erlproto web socket server and runs the tests from wsclient_SUITE using wsclient.erl from the wsclient project. It has only one test. It sends a factorial question encoded with GPB. Server gives the answer encoded with GPB. The encoded answer is decoded and compared to the answer we should be getting.\
Question asked is factorial of 3.\
Server should send 6.\
\
\

\b To start Eunit tests
\b0  -> 
\b ./start_eunit_tests.sh
\b0 \
Eunit tests are used to test the function calls Websocket_handler uses to decode and encode messages. Most decoding and encoding is handed off to protobuf_handler module. Both module functions are tested in Eunit tests. It follows the flow of Server receiving a question, decoding it, and encoding the answer.\
\
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%\
\
\

\b Wsclient -> Websocket Client project using Websocket_Client open source.
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Uses GPB open source project for ProtoBuf handling.\
wsclient project doesn\'92t have common tests. However wsclient.erl is used for common_test testing on erlproto project.\
\

\b To start wsclient
\b0  ->  
\b ./start.sh
\b0 \
\
Once the erlang shell starts,\

\b To see server - client interaction
\b0  ->    
\b wsclient:start_link().\

\b0 \
When this runs, it will run up to a given number of messages define in
\b  wsclient.erl
\b0  as \
-define(NumOfMsgsToBeTransmitted,15).  This is maximum transmission count.\
\

\b wsclient
\b0  receives answer from the server, and adds one to the previous factorial question, and sends it as a question to the websocket server..\
so, basically it will send factorial questions for 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 etc\'85. till it reaches maximum transmission count. \
After it completes NumOfMsgsToBeTransmitted (i.e sends 15 questions and get answers), wsclient sends a stop message to self and closes connection with the server.\
\
\

\b To start unit tests
\b0  -> 
\b ./start_eunit_tests.sh
\b0 \
Eunit tests are used to test the function calls 
\b wsclient
\b0  uses to decode and encode messages. Most decoding and encoding is handed off to proto_handler module. Both module functions are tested in Eunit tests. It follows the flow of 
\b wsclient
\b0  receiving an answer, decoding it, and encoding the next question.\
\
\
}